ams-2.2.0 (2020-12-13)

  Fixed Bugs
    o Fix envelope tabs in Dynamic Waves config dialog to be usable on
      small displays.
    o Fix several C++11 compatibility issues

  General Changes
    o Set Qt5 as default instead of Qt4
    o Use qtchooser to check for qt-tools



ams-2.1.2 (2016-01-24)

  Fixed Bugs
    o Fix sequencer module id reading.
    o Fix vocoder module, patch provided by Bill Yerazunis
    o Fix initialization of freq parameter in lfo module, patch provided
      by Christopher Oliver

  New Features
    o Add portamento input to VC slew module, patch provided by
      Christopher Oliver

  General Changes
    o Clear global filedialog settings to avoid cross application
      history spying
    o Add 64bit alternative to ladspa search path



ams-2.1.1 (2014-04-01)

  Fixed Bugs
    o Fix crash on loading patches with missing LADSPA libraries.

  New Features
    o SIGTERM handler.
    o NSM support (programmed by Roy Vegard Ovesen)
    o Mouse hover port highlighting.
    o Full screen mode view (F11).

  General Changes
    o German translation update.
    o Some internal cleanups.



ams-2.1.0 (2014-03-15)

  Fixed Bugs
    o Linker error "undefined reference to symbol 'dlsym@@GLIBC_2.2.5'"
      on Fedora 13.
    o Crash on using looped signal paths
    o Armel compile error (debian #570848)
    o Prevent crash if jack handle is NULL (lp #553366)
    o Fix preferences dialog to show current color setup
    o Fix broken Yes/No/Cancel response on program exit
    o Fix memory leak in preferences widget
    o Fix triggered reset of LFO saw signals, patch provided by Bill
      Yerazunis
    o Reorganized commandline options for input and output to
      be valid for Alsa and JACK


  New Features
    o SIGUSR1 handler added to enable LADI session handling on
      application level 1.
    o Support for libclalsadrv API version 2.0.0
    o Support for libzita-alsa-pcmi as an alternative for libclalsadrv
    o Improved port selection handling, patch provided by Sebastien
      Alaiwan
    o New context menu to disconnect module output ports
    o Support for JACK session handling
    o Rewritten preferences dialog
    o New about dialog
    o New option for saving window geometry (session handling)
    o New option hiding recently used files menu (keep secrets)
    o Add new menu item to open demo patch files directly
    o Add new menu item to open demo instrument patch files directly
    o Add keyboard shortcuts for module configuration dialogs
    o New option for module position grid (snap to grid)
    o New V8 Sequencer module, provided by Bill Yerazunis
    o New Analog Memory module, provided by Bill Yerazunis
    o New Bitgrinder module, provided by Bill Yerazunis
    o New Hysteresis module, provided by Bill Yerazunis
    o New VC-Delay module, provided by Bill Yerazunis
    o Add Pulsetrain Noise type to Noise 2 module, patch provided by
      Bill Yerazunis
    o New FFT Vocoder module, provided by Bill Yerazunis
    o Make control center window position and MIDI settings persistent
    o Add support for Qt5 (configure option --enable-qt5)

  General Changes
    o Separate handling of color scheme directory from patch file
      directory.
    o Improved handling of CXXFLAGS variables
    o Add check for Ladspa header file.
    o Obsolete commandline option -l (preset file) removed
    o New commandline option for program version (--version)



ams-2.0.1 (2009-12-26)

  Fixed Bugs
    o Compile error for Qt 4.2 fixed
    o Highlight MIDI controller in Control Center,
      if MIDI event has been received.
    o Fix crash unbinding multiple controllables connected to the
      same midi controller.
    o Initialized variable in env-module. 
      Fixes env-module mute bug discribed by lee(mrleelee).

  New Features
    o

  General Changes
    o MIDI channel numbering changed from 0..15	to 1..16.



ams-2.0.0 (2009-06-12)

  New Features
    o Redesign of 3D look
    o Application icon
    o German translation
    o Keyboard shortcuts for menu and dialog items
    o Menu item for recently opened files
    o French translation (by Fank Kober)
    o New --name command line option to specify the ALSASEQ/JACK
      clientname
    o Legato in monophonic mode using the "--poly 1" command line
      option (by Atte Andre Jensen)

  General Changes
    o Port form Qt 3 to Qt 4.x library.
    o A newly written autoconf/automake environment now provides the
      usual "./configure && make && make install" comfort.
    o Command line options are reworked.
      - JACK now is the default interface, if the connection fails ams
        connects to ALSA. This behavior can be modified using the -J and
        -A options.
      - The initial patch file to be loaded no longer needs the -l
        option.
